index.md, before:


# Nathan's Portfolio github page

This will be my main page for my github work done in this class.

### HomeWork1

With HomeWork 1 we had seven Primary Objectives in making a web page which are listed below.

1. Learn Git with various commands.
2. Learn about remote repositories with 
Bitbucket, Github or GitLab
3. Learn HTML
5. Learn CSS
6. Learn Bootstrap
7. Demonstrate you know how to `submit` 
your work to the instructor
8. Demonstrate your understanding of the
 Portfolio plan for the class
 
 
You may see my work done on this by visiting my repository [here](https://github.com/nastark519/HW460) on github or:
+ You my visit the webpage its self: [Nate's webpage](https://nastark519.github.io/HW460/index.html) or,
+ For a walk through of my process: [HW1](/homeW1.md)


### HomeWork2

With HomeWork 2 we had six Primary Objectives which are listed below.

1. Learn Javascript
2. Learn jQuery
3. Understand the DOM and how to select and modify it
4. Learn how to create HTML forms
5. Learn how to respond to events
6. Demonstrate using feature branches in Git: `branch`, `checkout`, `merge`


You may see my work done on this by visiting my repository [here](https://github.com/nastark519/nastark519.github.io/tree/master/HW2) on github or:
+ For a walk through of my process: [HW2](/homeW2.md)


### HomeWork3

With HomeWork 3 we had three Primary Objectives which are listed below.

1. Install and use Visual Studio
2. Learn C#
3. Be able to write a moderately complex C# console program using "C-sharpese"
4. Continue to hone your Git skills


You may see my work done on this by visiting my repository [here](https://github.com/nastark519/nastark519.github.io/tree/master/HW3/homeWork3/homeWork3) on github or:
+ For a walk through of my process: [HW3](/homeW3.md)


### HomeWork4

With HomeWork 3 we had eight Primary Objectives which are listed below.

1. Begin learning ASP.NET MVC 5
2. Be able to write a simple (but multi-page) MVC web application __that does not use a database__
3. Be able to use the `ViewBag` or `ViewData`
4. Demonstrate use of the `Request` object to utilize query strings and form data
5. Learn simple language constructs for the Razor view engine
6. Understand the relationships between Model, View and Controller and be able to explain how they work together to service requests
7. Understand the operation of controller action methods, including simple routing and parameter binding
8. Learn to use C# language features: namespaces, optional parameters, nullable types, attributes


You may see my work done on this by visiting my repository [here](https://github.com/nastark519/nastark519.github.io/tree/master/HW4/HW4) on github or:
+ For a walk through of my process: [HW4](/homeW4.md)


### HomeWork5

Commit message:

added the databasetable not sure if done yet.

index.md, after:


# Nathan's Portfolio github page

This will be my main page for my github work done in this class.

### HomeWork1

With HomeWork 1 we had seven Primary Objectives in making a web page which are listed below.

1. Learn Git with various commands.
2. Learn about remote repositories with 
Bitbucket, Github or GitLab
3. Learn HTML
5. Learn CSS
6. Learn Bootstrap
7. Demonstrate you know how to `submit` 
your work to the instructor
8. Demonstrate your understanding of the
 Portfolio plan for the class
 
 
You may see my work done on this by visiting my repository [here](https://github.com/nastark519/HW460) on github or:
+ You my visit the webpage its self: [Nate's webpage](https://nastark519.github.io/HW460/index.html) or,
+ For a walk through of my process: [HW1](/homeW1.md)


### HomeWork2

With HomeWork 2 we had six Primary Objectives which are listed below.

1. Learn Javascript
2. Learn jQuery
3. Understand the DOM and how to select and modify it
4. Learn how to create HTML forms
5. Learn how to respond to events
6. Demonstrate using feature branches in Git: `branch`, `checkout`, `merge`


You may see my work done on this by visiting my repository [here](https://github.com/nastark519/nastark519.github.io/tree/master/HW2) on github or:
+ For a walk through of my process: [HW2](/homeW2.md)


### HomeWork3

With HomeWork 3 we had three Primary Objectives which are listed below.

1. Install and use Visual Studio
2. Learn C#
3. Be able to write a moderately complex C# console program using "C-sharpese"
4. Continue to hone your Git skills


You may see my work done on this by visiting my repository [here](https://github.com/nastark519/nastark519.github.io/tree/master/HW3/homeWork3/homeWork3) on github or:
+ For a walk through of my process: [HW3](/homeW3.md)


### HomeWork4

With HomeWork 4 we had eight Primary Objectives which are listed below.

1. Begin learning ASP.NET MVC 5
2. Be able to write a simple (but multi-page) MVC web application __that does not use a database__
3. Be able to use the `ViewBag` or `ViewData`
4. Demonstrate use of the `Request` object to utilize query strings and form data
5. Learn simple language constructs for the Razor view engine
6. Understand the relationships between Model, View and Controller and be able to explain how they work together to service requests
7. Understand the operation of controller action methods, including simple routing and parameter binding
8. Learn to use C# language features: namespaces, optional parameters, nullable types, attributes


You may see my work done on this by visiting my repository [here](https://github.com/nastark519/nastark519.github.io/tree/master/HW4/HW4) on github or:
+ For a walk through of my process: [HW4](/homeW4.md)


### HomeWork5

With HomeWork 5 we had nine Primary Objectives which are listed below.

1. Learn more ASP.NET MVC 5
2. Be able to write a MVC web application that uses a simple one-table local database
3. Be able to write a model class and build a strongly typed view that uses it
4. Be able to write a model class that is backed by an Entity Framework context and a local database, and then create a view to use it in a web page
5. Use Razor to build a table
6. Be able to use NuGet to find and install packages
7. Begin learning Transact-SQL
8. Be able to write a T-SQL script to create a table and populate it with seed data
9. Learn to use C# language features: properties, lambda functions, object initializers

You may see my work done on this by visiting my repository [here](https://github.com/nastark519/nastark519.github.io/tree/master/HW5/HW5) on github or:
+ For a walk through of my process: [HW5](/homeW5.md)
